Gregorian calendar
the movement of the earth in relation to the moon is another of those operations
that system that is normally used to count the chronological time
the way of thinking that I do not know for how long the Gregorian calendar
is based on wars egolatrías controls
the word calendar comes from the word warming
from Latin meaning book of accounts
established the date of the first day of each month
in the fourth they had to pay the taxes and say where is the
famous saying time is money
the names of the months of our calendar are derived from the activity
of the first calendar
this serbian calendar
for planning and training your armies
the beginning of the year used to be celebrated in March
but in the year 133
sheen decided to delay the year two months
why September in Latin 7 for us is the ninth month October 8 the
appalling
November which means the passing death announced in December 10
now gesture be
on the bridge July 5 Cesar led the year twelve months
pando la damita 30 travelers
the other thirty-one days
- to the month of February that stayed with 29 days
to the fifth month
then called quintillas
he put his name July
later his son Augustius Caesar
decides to put August before this deserves
section already
but not to be less than his father
and so that his time also had thirty-one days
he removed
one more day to ferrer
in the Christian calendar Roman time 12 irregular months
it was a right
and it was known as the Julian calendar
where natural cycles were not taken into account
like the equinoxes and solstices
in 1582 the Gregorian Pope 13 Aug
advanced and the day of the calendar date
and so the calendar went
of juliana gregoriana
these are just some changes
that have been made to the calendar that we follow
it is in this disorder season in which we live since then
ensuring that not only the European man but currently all the
cultures and races dominated by thought and convictions
western
or they raised this time pattern very importantly
bush is a manipulator shepherd
for a nonsense that supposedly honored us
so that in many ways the story is a script written by
those who hold power
but not only Gregorian calendar and other irregular calendars
disconnects us from mother nature
also mechanical clocks take us away from synchrony
the clock is a three-dimensional measure of space
apply the idea of ​​time
while the Gregorian calendar of 12 months does not correspond to any cycle
natural
the clock is an invention that started as a simple toy
and later it was used by some mountains for fun
later to wake up early
with time ottoman sepes
and that a toy passed second machine that ran lives
indeed
the mechanical watch was accepted by all Europeans as an example of
human triumph
about nature
thus, was that
the human mind accepted as natural
his own time infected the frequency that we identify as joseph 60
an unconscious mental proportion determined by the lack of
the regular calendar of 12 months
and 60 minute participation
the combination of these two factors the
this single frequency of time has resorted to
historical man a debilitating and hopeless mental chaos
known as civilization
that only a final convulsion of the disorder of time that rules the race
human
with a virulent mental illness
when you get carried away according to the Gregorian calendar
and the mechanical clock
without wondering why you use it
to be carried away by a program
unconscious
the purpose of Rome by imposing on the people who had conquered the
calendar
not by taking power from the people and the roman jungle
they gave it to those who used the moon as kia
people who were like with nature to take away the Caesar power
it took a step for a while to keep them away from contact with the
nature that will force them to see Rome as a source of power
the judges and the principles of 1900
the twelve-month calendar was accepted
with a world standard
so actually two thousand years later
Rome has conquered the world
and nobody had ever asked about
this attitude that said calendar
of vido ap that we are not governed by natural cycles of the universe
we have not learned to know the time
although we generally do not think about it
we usually treat on time as if it belonged to the third dimension
But this is not so
the first dimension of being
point
the second on the line the third is the plane of the office
the fourth dimension this time but like humanity
a rite that time belongs to another dimension
And that only
we have to live according to him decided to measure it as if it were a
space gave me the third dimension
they took two circles measured in 12 pieces
as if it were a cake
and each of these
bossi
they lived it in 60 pires bits and we have a clock or 10 12 hours and 60
minutes
this reversal of the historical human mind in the frequency of its
own artificial time
more than any foal factor has condemned us to a world
of inescapable horrors
in Greek mythology one of the daughters of Atlas
ipl what they called maya
in Mayan India means world of illusion